Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory, Gene Wilder, 1971, Comedy Family, Reclusive weirdo and his mutant employees lure children into his factory with sweets then dispose of them one by one. 
The Karate Kid, Ralph Macchio, 1984, Family Drama, Old man pretends to teach teenage boy karate to make him do chores.
The Wizard of Oz, Judy Garland, 1939, Family Adventure, Hitchhikers with self esteem issues get lost in the woods with a teen guilty of manslaughter, then meet a televangelist who is a fraud.
The Lion King, Johnathon Taylor Thomas James Earl Jones, 1993, Family Animated Comedy, It's like Hamlet, only with lions and singing.
JAWS, Richard Dreyfus, 1975, Mystery Suspense, Endangered species is hunted by a mad man, a scientist and a cop for having too many snacks.
Shawshank Redemption, Morgan Freeman Tim Robbins, 1994, Crime Drama, Criminal does crimes in the big house, then swims in poop.
The GodFather, Marlon Brando, 1972, Crime Drama, Surly old man who hates the law prepares his son to live the same dark, angry life he's lived.
Batman, Michael Keaton, 1989, Action Adventure, Mentally-unstable billionaire/orphan wants to make city great again, is criticized by clowns.
Star Wars: Return of the Jedi, Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, 1983, Action Adventure Sci-Fi, Cyborg-father kills an old magician while his incestuous rebel son watches.
Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back, Mark Hamill, Harrison Ford, 1980, Action Adventure Sci-Fi, Orphan learns he isn't really an orphan, and learns magic from an green alien backpack. Meanwhile a princess loves a scoundrel.
Star Wars, Mark Hamill Harrison Ford, 1977, Action Adventure Sci-Fi, A cyborg kills millions, so with the help of robots and a man-dog, an orphan must destroy the ship he's on.  
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Adriana Caselotti, 1938, Animated Family, A guy alone in the woods kisses a corpse while seven other guys watch. 
Beauty and the Beast, Paige O'Hara Angela Lansbury, 1991, Animated Family Romance, A loner girl saves her father, talks to anthropomorphic household objects and we learn the true meaning of Stockholm Syndrome.
Die Hard, Bruce Willis Alan Rickman, 1988, Action Crime, A bare foot man roams an office building during Christmas time, killing people.
H.E.R., Joaquin Phoenix, 2013, Drama Romance, A sad guy wearing really high pants can't find love, so he falls for his computer instead.
Aladdin, Robin Williams, 1993, Animated Family, With the help of a blue ghost, a bum hoodwinks the royal family into the marriage of their only daughter.
Hocus Pocus, Bette Midler, 1993, Family Adventure Comedy, Three women of the occult return to life at the hand of a virgin.
Twilight, Robert Pattison, 2008, Drama Sci-Fi, Emo teen girl falls for a deceptively old yet shimmery guy who can run fast.
Toy Story, Tim Allen Tom Hanks, 1995, Animated Comedy Family, Anthropomorphic play things attempt a rescue mission after their leader deceives the group.
Jurassic Park, Jeff Goldblum, 1993, Sci-Fi Adventure, Leftovers from a dead mosquito's belly leads to prehistoric terrorists rampaging a theme park.
Terminator 2: Judgment Day, Arnold Schwarzenegger, 1991, Sci-Fi Action Drama, The twin of a murderous cyborg learns to love kids in hopes of protecting the future of mankind.
Titanic, Leonardo DiCaprio, 1997, Drama, The journey of a bunch of rich people is overshadowed by the luck of a poor guy and some ice.
Rookie of the Year, Thomas Ian Nicholas Gary Busey, 1993, Sport Family Comedy, Kid breaks his arm, becomes a freak, then turns a bunch of losers into winners. 
Independence Day, Will Smith, 1996, Action Adventure Sci-Fi, Other worldy beings kill millions, including the presidents wife but forget to put up their firewall.
The Sixth Sense, Bruce Willis, 1999, Suspense Mystery Drama, Child of an impatient single mom talks to an ignorant ghost about ghosts. 
The Mask of Zorro, Antonio Banderas, 1998, Action Adventure, An old drunk man manipulates an ex-con into wearing a mask and killing his daughters adopted father.
The Fifth Element, Bruce Willis, 1997, Action Sci-Fi, An Alien reanimated as a bikini clad woman and a cabbie give Earth a new moon.
Happy Gilmore, Adam Sandler, 1996, Comedy Sport, Hockey player saves grandma's house from finger-gun slingin' yuppie.
A League of Their Own, Tom Hanks Geena Davis, 1992, Comedy Drama Sport,Baseball players reminisce about wearing skirts for a candy man.
Disney Pixar's Up, Ed Asner, 2009, Family Comedy Animated, Dog discovers a scout kidnapped by a lonely, crotchety old zoo employee.
Groundhog Day, Bill Murray, 1993, Comedy Drama, A surly meteorologist listens to Sonny and Cher forever, or until tomorrow, whichever comes first.
